Hi Tyler,

Great job. It is a lot of work you have done. A few suggestions are below. You can revise it one more time before sending to the committee.

1. Title:  Mathematics and big data technology development to visualize, deliver and analyze IMS and ARGO data
DONE

2. Ch 1: Add a section or two on the modern technologies developed at NASA and other places on big data delivery and visualization.
Particularly summarize a few technologies you learned at the the OSM data sessions.
Cite Julien’s work as a motivation.

ERRDAC Not included...ERDAC doesn't include argo data.
ocean level Done
Julians 4d delivery Done
 
3. Ch. 2:
a) Add a section on data delivery/download.
DONE


b) Add a few special cases of snow cover, such as maximum/minimum snow cover, median, and some cases
reported in news. Plot the figures and make some comments, such as total covered area, percentage, and historical
comparisons, disasters results, etc.

which figures to you mean?

median, min and max was added to table 2.2. news articles are reported.

I will reference articles from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_Chinese_winter_storms.

4. Ch. 3:
a) Add a section to describe the use of your website with many screenshots and steps.

Done. I wrote two tutorials that describes the website. It guides the reader how to navigate the page and includes screenshots. 

b) Add a section to describe the data delivery and data format.

Done. This is covered under the new data format subsection, JSON format is explained. Downloading can be done several ways, either by clicking the download button (covered in the tutorials) or by navigating the API (covered in the api section.)

c) Expand Figure 3.7 to a few more cases for both temperature and salinity, and
explore trends in different depth levels.



The above revision will add many figures and will expand your thesis by at least 20 pages.
For Chapter 3, let’s try to write a paper for the Journal of Atmospheric and Oceanic Tech and
a news article for AGU EOS for the website. I am attaching an EOS article I wrote last year as a
template/example. See more EOS articles https://eos.org/

Sam
